The Joe Rogan experience. I was 13, 14. I lived through that.
I'd see her in the window with pants on.
She looked delicious and finally, summer of 79,
I'm getting all up with some friends of mine and I've been drinking nips that we
snorted some angel dust. And we'll listen to led Zepplin too.
If you're going to like buddy led Zepplin too, is the album to get you away.
That starts off with a whole lot of love that just gets your hips moving.
And then it goes into the lemon song and he's talking about squeeze me,
baby to the juice runs down my leg. I'm like, that's it?
That juice is running down my leg. My mother was a flower check.
She had flowers everywhere. I put on like a shirt. I swear to God,
it had to be about 10 cause she would walk the dog at night,
but the husband was 15.
The dog would sleep that the husband would pass out by eight.
So she would take the dogs out for the 10 o'clock,
the last she would put them down and you know,
they were kind of blind French poodles and she would still wear the tidy
whities. You know,
the defense Dixie deuce Daisy in the seventies
before Daisy was invented. She already had the Daisy on with the shirt.
And I remember being on that angel does hide in the weeds,
like with the flowers I had flowers for.
I was going to bring a flowers,
but my plan was to attack her like this jumper in the thing,
throw it down and get with the flowers.
This is how crazy I'm going to attack her. Like I couldn't take it no more.
Like I wanted to marry her. Like that's how up I was on angel dust.
And I was on angel. This, it was what I would teach. See crystal,
call it what you want. It's animal tranquilizer, no matter how you look at it.
And I remember that I ran up on her and she turned and she goes, Coco,
what's going on? I go and I just stopped when I go fight. I'm in love with you.
And she's like, what are you talking about?
I'm like fab in love with you for two years. I want to run off with you.
my mother. I'm like, I just let's get a job. Let's let's leave.
And she's looking at me like why? Like I was retarded first,
all she's looking at me like this kid is snap. And she goes,
you've been drinking. I'm like, I still love you to take the flowers.
And she goes, I tell you what if I divorced my husband I'll consider it.
And I was like, okay, I gotta live with that. Can I give you a kiss?
I like kissed her on the cheek and I could feel the heat going up my head.
And finally, as I went to turn away, I looked at her legs.
You had the juicy has legs in the world. I go, can I touch your thigh?
And she goes, go ahead, Joe Rogan.
I touched her kneecap and my Dick just exploded sperm.
I ran away like Steven, Steven Seagal.
He runs like a retard with that little limp. It was the Steven Seagal run.
There's actually a town named after the last guy who died, Lovette, California.
The last guy who got killed by a grizzly bear just out, out.
Hunting. Was it almost.
Probably being a dude that was alive back then?
Terrifying.
You experienced this in China. You're you're what, uh,
what are your precautions? Are you allowed to bring bear spray?
So we had an air horn. We had a whistle,
a whistle. Yeah. So they say that the boat,
the biggest attacks happened from where Tibetans out farming,
doing their business in the mountains. They,
they they're in the forest and they surprise.
They come up at the top of the hill. There's a bear there.
And obviously the bears shocked. It's scared. And it just attacks.
And that does happen with bears in America.
Say, yeah. So they would say I'm pretty much take a whistle, taken our horn,
make yourself aware while we make the bear aware that you're,
that you're present, you're approaching. Uh, normally they would be,
they would scare off they'd run away, but there was a local that told me that.
So they have these big to better masters. Have you seen the two better masters?
Like the dogs that God,
the two tonight's terrifying more of a problem than that.
The wolves they were for me. Um, cause they can scare away.
The wolves scare with snow leopards, the bears.
But this one local was telling me that he wasn't living in his garage,
which is like a white felt tent like a year.
He was living in a concrete hut and he had a courtyard with a fence.
The fence was open, but just outside the fence it's to better,
must've chained up.
And he said that this bear wasn't phased about the Tibet must.
If it walked straight past it into the courtyard and was scratching its steel
door whilst he was hiding in one of his empty cupboards. And it lasted about 30,
40 minutes. And he was telling me this story and I'm like
scratching against this steel door. I'm just in a tent in the wilderness.
Man. They're monsters. If they weren't a real thing.
If grizzly bears or brown bears, weren't real. And then they were in a movie,
you'd be like what? The poor guy. And imagine you, you like you,
someone would ask someone like you, like why in the world, if you know, there,
there would you going to want to walk for that long bear
country?
Where's your heart? And my heart is a,
I get to,
I get to be black for a summer in my mind.
So there's something in it for me.
The other thing is I get to hold up to nature,
the insane self-involved hypocrisy of artists
and what they think they're allowed to do on occasion. Just my opinion.
And also Ben, who is a masterful artist and director,
probably the closest thing to a Charlie Chaplin that I've experienced in my
lifetime. He writes, he directs, he acts, he, if you had seen him,
when he was directing this movie, you would have been like,
I'm watching David lean. I'm watching chaplain, I'm watching Coppola. He,
he knew exactly what the vision for this was. He executed it.
It was impossible to not have it be an offensive nightmare of a movie.
And 90% of my black friends are like, dude, that was great.
What about the other 10%?
Um, you know, I can't disagree with them,
but I know where my heart was. Yeah.
And I think that it's never an excuse to do something that is out
of place and not of its time. But to me it was just putting a,
it was a blasting cap on and by the way,
I think white chicks came out pretty soon after that. And I was like,
I love that. I was like, that was great. Yeah.
Yeah. Well it might be the last time we see that,
unless things change, it seems like no one can really,
I don't think you could do blackface anymore. I mean,
we almost lost the prime minister of Canada because he did brown face.
He pretended to be Saudi Arabian. Right.
He did Arabian nights in high school or something like that.
It's a,
it's an interesting and necessary meditation on
where is the pendulum? Why is the pendulum, right?
Yeah. Where's the pendulum, uh,
maybe cutting a little into what could be perceived
as, as heart in the right place, openness of its time.
But again, I mean, you know,
there's a morality clause here on this planet and it's a big price to
pay. And I think having a moral psychology is, uh, is job one.
So sometimes you just gotta go. Yeah. You know,
I AFT up again, not in my defense,
but Tropic thunder was about how
wrong that is. Yes. So
I take exception.
Was heard the media and the DNC got together and they were like, Hey,
let's do this. Cause it was coordinated. This didn't come out of nowhere. Right.
And the CNN to see that story,
CNN wrote these two people who heard it from these other two people who were not
even going to name and that's on CNN, that's CNN. That's how they do it.
It's so crazy.
Digging their own grave though. What they're,
what they're doing is they're making themselves less and less relevant.
And they're making guys like you and independent people more and more relevant
and more and more trustworthy.
And that's why they keep going to the catnip of,
of Russia gate or Trump's tweets or whatever impeachment and this phone call to
the thing. And eh, you know, look how they look,
how the media runs interference for the establishment. It's amazing. Like,
you know, to pretend that the Bidens aren't corrupt, I know.
And to have people come out and go, that's a lie.
That's no corruption it's been looked into.
There's no corruption that a guy has an $83,000 job on a board in a country.
His dad just helped overthrow. What do you do?
Crazy. It seems like it might be a little corrupt. Well,
the conversation where he tells the prosecutor that if, if he's not gone,
you don't get the billion dollars. Right. What do you know? They fired the guy,
right? Like if you saw that.
So yeah, I've saw that video in there,
but their defense to that is they're saying, but that was corrupt.
And the next guy was even more tougher of an investigator,
but that guy was investigating Barisma at the time.
And that guy did say later that guy who got fired,
said I got fired because I was investigating Barisma.
He said that in a court document. So, uh, believe me they're all right.
And why didn't they, why didn't they impeach Trump on the monuments clause?
Why didn't they do that? Why did they do it on this?
So that's him benefiting office position in government it's because they all do
it. Why do you think? Because it would bring up everything.
It would have to, Hey, Hillary Clinton. I mean,
Chelsea Clinton just got a $9 million job for, she deserves it. Oh my God.
She did. She does the best. Uh, so, uh,
and people are saying that people are saying what's wrong with the woman using
her degree. She has three degrees.
I wonder how she was at four able to afford those three degrees.
I wonder she overcame all those obstacles. Did she, did you know what I mean?
So if they're all corrupt that that's, that's, that's the story.
And that's why we have Donald Trump.
Clinging to this system. That's.
Why we don't have a functioning medical system or a functioning banking system
because Barack Obama was paid off by the bay,
by the health insurance companies and the wall street banks.
And that's not me saying that that's Dylan Ratigan award-winning Bloomberg
reporter says that.
How'd they pay him off? Uh.
Well, he has a, I dunno if you notice,
he just bought a house at Martha's vineyard, from the guy who owns the Celtics.
He sells his 40 has 49 acres. It's got a lot of money, 49.
That's more acres than Kevin Hart. Wow. That's a lot of acres.
So there's a lot of acres. Yeah. That's that's the guy,
who's a community organizer. I guess it was a gated community where.
I don't know red skeleton. I mean,
there's some people I thought were never bill Cosby, I must say.
So it was on that list really? Oh yeah. He never thought he was funny.
Never thought he was funny.
Even when he was doing bill Cosby himself, like back at the album days.
And I may have missed some stuff he did, but everything I ever heard,
even when I was a kid and I saw him on TV, I'm like, no, this is corny. I know.
I feel very, very, uh, ahead of my time. I never liked him.
I did.
Well. It was one of those things where if you had said any of this,
that you're saying 10 years ago, people would have been furious at you.
Well, now these.
Like somebody told me he was a creep back in 1983.
And someone told me in 94. Yeah.
So I, and it was somebody I liked not somebody I was romantically involved with,
but a girl who he was horrible too. And, uh,
I never liked him after that as a person.
That makes sense.
I had heard from people on the set of news radio that he drugged girls,
it was like one of those weird things that you heard as a room,
like why does he do drugs? Girls like bill Cosby, people cosmic.
We're talking about the same guy. It's not like Steve McQueen's team McQueen.
We'll get them confused. Right? No. I.
Mean his dad America.
And you have to wonder why a guy who could, uh, get laid,
uh, even as a married man. Um,
that's obviously a sick head,
but I also know a guy who was a promoter and,
and told incredibly ridiculous stories
about things that bill Cosby did that were not sexual,
but just informed me that what his kink is,
is part of a much larger sickness about control and making people
do weird things because he can.
Let me tell you what I heard. And you tell me what you heard.
I heard he makes people watch him eat Curry.
He would make the whole staff come into his dressing room and we'll watch them
eat.
I hadn't heard that exactly.
But it's exactly in line with what I heard that he would, uh,
do things like make you, um,
what was one of them like he would order food and then he would say, you know,
scoop out the, uh,
the doughy part of the hamburger bun after you wash your hands and put
it back on the hamburger.
Or once he asked them to send him the
soap that he hadn't finished using in the dressing room,
like collect it, send it to, you know, just like crazy,
crazy.
They like it they're like something different or they're tired of these people
that sound like politicians, you know, you hear, you know, pick a person,
Elizabeth Warren,
you hear them talk and you feel the coming out of their mouth while they're
talking, you know that they're playing a role, you know, with Trump,
he might be arrogant. He might be crazy. He might be ridiculous, but that's him.
That's that guy. I bet if you're around him all day long, he's like that.
I mean, that's th that's the thing that Pete,
one of the things that people like about him,
he's like that all the time that that's who he is. Yeah. Like he's not,
he doesn't need to. He's Donald Trump.
He's a multi-billionaire who is now the president of the United States.
So it's like, he doesn't feel the need to put on an act for anybody.
So when he comes out and says he died like a dog like that,
that's how he would talk.
Yeah. Yeah. No, I think the consistency, I think you're right there is,
there's an element of, look, I'm tired. I am tired of the. I mean,
I see what you're saying,
but I guess what I think then is what are the chances that you get to 28? Well,
we're in 2020, look at that. Um,
but we get down in November to the election and people are just exhausted by it.
Right? So they wanted something different. Now they've had it.
Are they going to get to this point in November and get ready to vote and think
I can't take another four years of it. Even though it's entertaining,
I'm exhausted.
People don't like change. They get scared of change.
And if things are going well economically. And if, you know, if,
if it turns out that this thing with Iran doesn't turn into anything disastrous,
by the time November rolls around, I think he's going to win in a landslide.
I really don't see unless Bernie Sanders and Tulsi Gabbard get
together. And then everybody goes, you know what? That would work. Like,
this is a, this is a real combination of people that I could,
I could get behind,
unless it's something like that where there's like some overwhelming candidate,
but I don't see that I D then they seem to be pushing for Elizabeth Warren.
I don't see that she was a Republican most of her career.
And then she became a Democrat, like when she was in her late forties.
I find maybe it's just me, but, but you know,
I don't see a consistent policy message there. I don't see, um,
I don't see that happening for, uh, for, for her this go around. Maybe,
maybe it'll change. Maybe you need, I don't know. But yeah.
Problem is, I feel like these people just want to be president.
I feel like it's a self aggrandizement thing. They just want to be president.
Argue with that about anybody in politics. So you could, you could say that,
I mean, you, you know, you've met that person, right.
Who's in politics now who started out by being ahead of the Republican or
democratic club in high school. Right. That's all they want to do.
Then they're a state Senator. And then, then they say, oh,
am I going to run for Congress? And he's like, what the, what the? I mean,
it's gotta be something, you know, the wiring's off a little bit.
That's the problem, right?